(WALKER GROWLING)
(GRUNTS)
JUDITH: I could've gotten that walker.
-MAGGIE: You are your mother's daughter.
-And my dad's too.
MAGGIE: What'd you tell R.J.?
JUDITH: Well, I took him to the roof.
The sky was full of stars
and I told him, "Right now,
"Mom's looking at
the very same stars as us."
I said the same to Hershel.
Even thought it myself about all of you.
'Cause it's true.
She's out there.
Under the same sky.
She is.
(SIGHS) This should do it.
MAN 1: Ready to push off?
LYDIA: Yeah, on three...
WOMAN: I can help you with that.
LYDIA: One, two, three.
MAN 2: Hold up.
MAN 1: Y'all be safe.
Hey, Maggie.
I didn't escape,
if that's what you're thinking.
Well, shit.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
DARYL: Hi.
CAROL: Hey.
Gabriel and Rosita just left
with the first group.
Did Oceanside give an answer?
Yes, and they'll take some.
Luke's gathering up about a dozen of 'em.
We can take the rest.
-Hi.
MAN: Maggie.
CAROL: Who's that?
MAGGIE: These are my people.
MAGGIE: Is everybody okay?
Hershel's fine.
Don't worry.
-Everyone else?
-Holding tight at the rendezvous.
MAGGIE: Let's bring 'em back.
Come on. I want you to meet my friends.
Carol, Daryl... Elijah and Cole.
Hershel and I were living
with their people until recently.
-We lost the village.
-And now we need to live with you.
I thought I'd take them to Hilltop.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS)
What is it?
CAROL: Maggie...
Negan was with the Whisperers.
That night.
I wanted you to hear it
from me, because...
It was you?
You let him out?
Alpha needed to die
and Negan was our best chance.
We were gonna lose everything.
Negan's the reason we didn't.
So, what now?
What, everyone's supposed to go to...
What was it?
-Alexandria.
-Right.
So, we all go to Alexandria
and live next door to the guy
who torched this place?
Same guy who killed her husband.
Is that right?
We're still figuring things out.
Thanks for telling me.
I need to get to Hershel and the others.
-You didn't have to do that.
-I did.
I owe her that much.
DARYL: I'll go with her.
Try to smooth things over.
She's never gonna
come around on him, you know?
Have you?
It's good to see her, though.
-Yeah.
-Be safe.
We'll see you back at Alexandria.
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
Daryl.
Hold on.
You're gonna pick up
Maggie's people, right?
-Yeah.
I wanna come with you.
You're gonna cover some new ground
where we could,
you know, keep an eye out
for Connie.
Come on.
Hey.
We'll tell Mark to shelter
about ten miles east.
Too far out of the way.
We might not hit anything else
before dark.
Let's keep going.
About a half hour left, boss.
We're lucky.
We can go a little longer.
COLE: No, we can't.
It's getting dark.
We shouldn't be out here.
(WALKERS GROWLING)
-Okay.
-KELLY: "Okay"?
Okay, what?
You mean stay here?
We should go up in the woods,
find higher ground.
I think we'll all sleep better
in some shelter.
All right.
Okay. So, all we have to do is clear
this whole parking lot full of sickos
and haul up for the night.
No sweat.
(WALKERS GROWLING)
(SNARLING)
(SCREAMS) Ah!
Maggie, you okay?
MAGGIE: Just a cut,
but I could use a little help here.
(GRUNTS)
(SNARLING)
(BANGING ON WALLS)
All right, so, maybe a little sweat.
It's all clear. Cole's on watch.
Okay. Good.
Hey, I'm glad you're here.
When your letters stopped,
I thought, I don't know,
maybe you were gone.
I wasn't close to the drop
for a long time.
When I was...
When I was, I just didn't stop.
What happened out there?
Well...
You know, Georgie had
all these good ideas.
With things
going so well at Hilltop,
the idea of doing that for others
felt good.
So, we'd find groups and do what we could.
But it'd always go sideways.
She still out there? Georgie?
I don't know.
We were in this little place
near Knoxville couple of summers ago
that had this group.
We taught them to reroute water,
build a forge,
and she heard about this city out west,
so she and the twins
went out there to check it out,
and I stayed back with Hershel.
And not long after the place fell, we ran,
and I haven't seen her since.
And what happened to your group?
Their village?
Not now.
All right.
It's actually good
to say some of it out loud.
Just can't say all of it, you know?
I know.
I almost came home
after Knoxville. Maybe I should have.
Maybe I should have.
Why didn't you?
We, uh,
took a detour.
My nana had this place by the ocean.
After Bethie died,
Glenn and I talked about going there.
Not forever, just for a little while.
We never did.
But I thought Hershel could.
He loved it.
(EXHALES) Waves twice his size
knocking him to the ground.
He just bounced right back up laughing.
(DARYL CHUCKLES)
We watched the sunrise.
Watched water crashing against the rocks.
It was so peaceful.
Hardly any walkers.
One night we stayed up really late
and told him stories about his family.
Beth and Shawn,
and his granddaddy.
He asked how his daddy died.
I knew he would. I knew it was coming.
I told him
that a bad man killed him.
He wanted to know if that man
got what he deserved.
He wanted to know if that man was dead.
The truth is, I left home,
'cause I couldn't
have Negan taking up
any more space in my head,
and then I realize
I didn't want to bring
Hershel back to that.
And the next morning we met
the whole community of people
who needed us as much as we needed them.
And it felt like it was meant to be.
But that's over, too.
You could come on home.
It's not decided with Negan. Not yet.
-And what Carol did, she and me...
-She felt she had to.
God knows what I would've done
if I was there.
I'm next door if you need me. All right?
Time to go.
Damn. I actually got some shut eye
in that rust coffin.
(WALKER SNARLING)
Isn't your friend supposed to be on watch?
(KNOCKS)
You left your post.
KELLY: Sorry, I was just...
You can't go running off
by yourself like that.
Her sister's missing.
He just lost his, too.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
(CAR ROOF CLANGING)
(MOUTHING)
We have to go.
I just had to check.
Kelly's sister,
do you think she's still out there?
I don't know. I hope so.
The thing is, I went looking
for her so many times.
Some people are just gone, you know?
Even if you find them,
doesn't mean you get them back.
-Maybe it's best if she don't know.
-No, she should.
My dad used to say,
"A wound can't heal 'til it hits air."
You know that ain't true, right?
Medicine-wise.
He always made it sound like it was.
Yeah.
MAGGIE: We're almost there.
Can't wait for you to meet Hershel.
Hey.
Shit.
It's them. They found us.
Hershel.
COLE: They must have followed us, Maggie.
We were so damn careful. I don't know how,
but it's them. They're out here.
We don't know that.
Two of our people are dead, Maggie.
Where the hell's everyone else?
Fire's out. Why haven't they come back?
It's the reapers.
What's a reaper?
People who attacked our home.
COLE: Came out of nowhere.
Wiped out anything
-in their way. They're...
-Enough!
We need to get our heads on straight.
Find our people. Find my son.
They're scattered.
Definitely running. All headed north.
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
These people, if it's them...
I'll find 'em. All of 'em.
Any more kids in your group?
That's him.
Come on.
Stay quiet and alert.
If anything's out there
other than our people, we kill it.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
(WALKER SNARLING)
Trail splits.
Hershel?
I lost him.
Someone could've picked him up, though.
What now?
We split up the group.
No way.
Our people are out there.
Splitting up is the fastest way
to find 'em.
And what if something finds us?
Stay alive.
Daryl and I cross.
Keep heading north,
we'll catch up with you.
Something's out there.
(MOUTHING)
We gotta move.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Hey, you okay?
Can you, uh...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Yeah. This is a lot.
But you're not alone.
You and me. Okay?
Maggie's counting on us.
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
Come on.
MAGGIE: Daryl! Daryl!
Everybody, stand down.
Daryl, she's one of ours.
-Come on, let's go.
-Thank God.
Sorry.
What happened?
Well, everything was fine.
And then, the whole place
was suddenly on fire.
-You see who did it?
-MAYA: No.
We just ran.
Jen and Billy, they didn't make it out.
And something in the woods took out Matty.
But we didn't get a clear look.
We know who did it.
The goddamn Reapers.
They're in these woods,
and they're hunting us one by one.
-Where's Hershel?
-Kim had him.
He's out here somewhere.
It's been hours.
You're the first people we've seen.
(BULLET WHIZZES)
(WOMAN CRIES OUT)
(GROANING, SOBBING)
It's a trap.
They're trying to flush us out,
pick us off one by one.
Yeah.
Ainsley!
-Oh, shit.
-Maya, get down!
(BULLET WHIZZES)
(SOFTLY) Hershel.
I think she saw Hershel.
That's what she's trying to tell me.
We gotta get to him first.
(BULLET WHIZZES)
-We should...
-(BULLET WHIZZES)
There's only one shooter.
Three shots, one at a time.
-He had to reload.
-Yep.
I'll go around and flank him.
-No.
-Just keep his attention here.
(MAGGIE GRUNTING)
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
-(MAGGIE GRUNTS)
-(MAN GROANS)
(MAGGIE GRUNTING, STRAINING)
Come on.
Daryl, wait!
(GRUNTS)
Who are you?
You're one of them, right?
You attacked our home,
killed my friends, our family.
Why'd you do this?
We did nothing to you.
Who are you?
Who are you? What do you call yourselves?
I know it's just you out here,
so you can answer my questions
or die. It's your choice.
Why'd you do it?
Pope marked you.
DARYL: Hey, hey, hey.
-Move, move!
-Get down!
(EXPLOSION)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(WHISTLES)
Hey, Mom.
I know you helped Elijah.
Thank you. He's been through a lot.
It's okay. We all have.
Who's older?
You or your sister?
Connie is.
I came as a
surprise for my parents.
But by that point, they were too tired.
Connie always kept an eye on me.
Even when she had her own life,
she shared it with me,
tried to take care of me.
You had a sister too, right?
You're the oldest.
How'd you know?
I can just tell sometimes.
You seem like you've been
in charge of people your whole life.
You protect them.
Just like my sister.
I hope I get to meet her someday.
You will.
You all right?
Yeah.
It's real quiet out there.
For now.
Hey, that guy knew he was a dead man,
he was just messing with you.
-Maybe.
-We'll stay here a few more days,
sweep the grounds, make sure he was alone.
Nothing follows us back to Alexandria.
We'll take the long way back,
cover our tracks.
Does this mean you're coming home?
These people deserve one. So does Hershel.
I'll deal with Negan if I have to.
Right now, the only thing
that matters is Alexandria.
All right.
What the hell happened?
Those birds left a parting gift.
So this is home sweet home?
Yeah.
It is.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)